*Music*
♪♪♪
♪ Let's walk, let's run, let's play, it's fun ♪
♪ Let's laugh and sing the whole day long ♪
♪ Let's dance and make some doggy treats ♪
♪ There's always something good to eat ♪
♪ Let's ride the backseat of your car ♪
♪ and chauffeur us like superstars ♪
♪ So happy here, it's you and Me! ♪
♪ Join our pack! It's a Husky thing, yeah! ♪
♪ Turn around and roll over, Snow Dog! ♪
(Huskies howling)
♪ Sing a song with your sweet voice ♪
♪ I know, You've been a good little girl ♪
(Huskies howling)
♪ We're Gone To The Snow Dogs ♪
♪ Come and join us for a new adventure! ♪
♪ Lots of fun, lots of walks, won't you come ♪
♪ into our Siberian world! ♪
♪ We're Gone To The Snow Dogs ♪
♪ Today is gonna be my parade! ♪
♪ It makes no difference, sun or rain ♪
♪ I just dug a whole today ♪
♪ when daddy filled one yesterday! ♪
♪ Momma caught me and there's just no foolin' ♪
♪ Yeah, I ate the donut when she wasn't lookin' ♪
♪ But don't you start judging me! ♪
♪ You should know it's a husky thing! ♪
♪ Turn around and roll over, Snow Dog! ♪
(Huskies howling)
♪ Sing a song with your sweet voice ♪
♪ I know, You've been a good little girl ♪
(Huskies howling)
♪ We're Gone To The Snow Dogs ♪
♪ Come and join us for a new adventure! ♪
♪ Lots of fun, lots of walks, won't you come ♪
♪ into our Siberian world! ♪
♪ Come into our Siberian world! ♪
♪ I can hardly wait for winter time ♪
♪ When the snow is falling! ♪
♪ I can hardly wait to pass on by ♪
♪ Pulling your sleigh! ♪
♪ Hey Yay Yay Yay! ♪
♪ Turn around and roll over, Snow Dog! ♪
(Huskies howling)
♪ Sing a song with your sweet voice ♪
♪ I know, You've been a good little girl ♪
(Huskies howling)
♪ Good Girl!  Good Girl! ♪
♪ Come and join us for a new adventure! ♪
♪ Come and join the adventure! ♪
♪ Lots of fun, lots of walks, won't you come ♪
♪ into our Siberian world! ♪
♪ We're Gone To The Snow Dogs ♪
♪ Gone To The Snow Dogs ♪
♪ Come and join us for a new adventure! ♪
♪ Lots of fun, lots of walks, won't you come ♪
♪ into our Siberian world! ♪
♪ We're Gone To The Snow Dogs ♪